fix :  Added Examples of Named List Elements in i to Improve Clarity (#6868)
Rdatatable/data.table: vignettes/datatable-secondary-indices-and-auto-indexing.Rmd

* Since the time to compute the secondary index is quite small, we don't have to use `setindex()`, unless, once again, the task involves repeated subsetting on the same column.

> ### b) Select in `j`

Reviewer: I think we can shrink the diff in this PR to basically one line. Instead of a new 'c)' entry here, I would add a bullet point here like

```
  * For clarity/readability, it might help to name the inputs to `i`, e.g. `flights[.(origin = "JFK", dest = "LAX"), on=c("origin", "dest")]`
```

I'm not convinced any of the other changes add enough value to warrant inclusion.

Author: @MichaelChirico , I've updated the section based on your suggestion. Do you think it needs more detail, or does it look good as is? Whenever you have time, I'd appreciate your review. Thanks!

* Since the time to compute the secondary index is quite small, we don't have to use `setindex()`, unless, once again, the task involves repeated subsetting on the same column.

* For clarity/readability, it might help to name the inputs in `i`, e.g.,

> ```{r}

Reviewer: ````suggestion

```{r}
````

flights[.(origin = "JFK", dest = "LAX"), on = c("origin", "dest")]
```

> This makes it clear which values correspond to which key.

Reviewer: "key" is a very special term in data.table which we should use with diligence

```suggestion

This makes it clear which values correspond to which element of `on`.
```

* Since the time to compute the secondary index is quite small, we don't have to use `setindex()`, unless, once again, the task involves repeated subsetting on the same column.

* For clarity/readability, it might help to name the inputs in `i`, e.g.,

```{r}
flights[.(origin = "JFK", dest = "LAX"), on = c("origin", "dest")]
```

> This makes it clear which values correspond to which element of `on`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes it clear which entries in `j` correspond to which element of `on`.
```
